{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Adobe creative cloud password: fcut1@reason2be.com, fcut1980\
{\listtext	2.	}White mini pword: koi9i9\
{\listtext	3.	}Silver mini pword: click3x\
{\listtext	4.	}Pick up Amazon package from Helen.\
{\listtext	5.	}Pick up 3 shipped packages at Leovative.\
{\listtext	6.	}Your laptop plugs into provided monitor. Booth visitors will operate this monitor with the trackpad (NOT the one labeled \'93Photo Booth\'94). This should be set up on one of the white columns.\
{\listtext	7.	}The iPads will be seated on the table on the iPad stands. The iPad stands were shipped to Leovative.\
{\listtext	8.	}Track pad, keyboard and silver mac mini go together. They are labeled \'93Photo Booth.\'94 This track pad and keyboard will be set up on the portable table (that was fedexed to Helen). This table will be mounted on the apple boxes wrapped in black cloth.\
{\listtext	9.	}Get all the computers on the same network. \
{\listtext	10.	}Set up and plug in printer. Make sure its connected to the network. Replace with paper and cartridge when it runs out. If printer stops working, check printer cue on white mac mini.\
{\listtext	11.	}White mac mini controls photo printer (via wifi). Mac mini should not need a screen, everything should be set up. If its not working, plug into screen. Make sure Mail is open and Ai and creative cloud logged in.\
{\listtext	12.	}Set up silver mac mini. Line up 2 browsers 75/25. In left browser open leo.dev/photobooth. In right browser open leo.dev/gallery\
{\listtext	13.	}Open terminal. Type cd+space. Go to finder. Drag \'93live-twitter-feed\'94 shortcut. Enter. Type \'93node index.js.\'94 Enter. Once it says socket controller start, then refresh the gallery. Then it will say \'93joining room.\'94 That means shits working. }